---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "thalassa_security_group_egress_rule Resource - terraform-provider-thalassa"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages egress rules for a security group using the batch API. This resource replaces all egress rules for the security group. This is an optional alternative to managing rules through the thalassa_security_group resource. Warning: Do not use both this resource and egress_rule in thalassa_security_group for the same security group, as this will cause conflicts.
---

# thalassa_security_group_egress_rule (Resource)

Manages egress rules for a security group using the batch API. This resource replaces all egress rules for the security group. This is an optional alternative to managing rules through the thalassa_security_group resource. Warning: Do not use both this resource and egress_rule in thalassa_security_group for the same security group, as this will cause conflicts.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `security_group_id` (String) ID of the Security Group to manage egress rules for

### Optional

- `rule` (Block List) List of egress rules for the security group (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule`

Required:

- `ip_version` (String) IP version of the rule (ipv4 or ipv6)
- `name` (String) Name of the rule
- `policy` (String) Policy of the rule (allow or drop)
- `priority` (Number) Priority of the rule. Must be greater than 0 and less than 200.
- `protocol` (String) Protocol of the rule (all, tcp, udp, icmp)
- `remote_type` (String) Type of the remote address (address or securityGroup)

Optional:

- `port_range_max` (Number) Maximum port of the rule. Must be greater than 0 and less than 65535.
- `port_range_min` (Number) Minimum port of the rule. Must be greater than 0 and less than 65535.
- `remote_address` (String) IP address or CIDR block that the rule applies to
- `remote_security_group_identity` (String) ID of the Security Group that the rule applies to
