---
page_title: "thalassa_virtual_machine_instance Resource - terraform-provider-thalassa"
subcategory: "Compute"
description: |-
  Create an virtual machine instance within a subnet on the Thalassa Cloud platform
---

# thalassa_virtual_machine_instance (Resource)

Create an virtual machine instance within a subnet on the Thalassa Cloud platform


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `machine_image` (String) Machine image of the virtual machine instance
- `machine_type` (String) Machine type of the virtual machine instance
- `name` (String) Name of the Virtual Machine Instance
- `organisation_id` (String) Reference to the Organisation of the Virtual Machine Instance. If not provided, the organisation of the (Terraform) provider will be used.
- `subnet_id` (String) Subnet of the Virtual Machine Instance

### Optional

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations for the virtual machine instance
- `availability_zone` (String) Availability zone of the virtual machine instance
- `cloud_init` (String) Cloud init of the virtual machine instance
- `cloud_init_ref` (String) Cloud init ref of the virtual machine instance
- `delete_protection` (Boolean) Delete protection of the virtual machine instance
- `description` (String) A human readable description about the virtual machine instance
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels for the virtual machine instance
- `root_volume_size_gb` (Number) Root volume size of the virtual machine instance. Must be provided if root_volume_id is not set.
- `root_volume_type` (String) Root volume type of the virtual machine instance. Must be provided if root_volume_id is not set.
- `security_group_attachments` (List of String) Security group attached to the virtual machine instance

### Read-Only

- `attached_volume_ids` (List of String) Attached volume ids of the virtual machine instance
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `ip_addresses` (List of String) IP addresses of the virtual machine instance
- `root_volume_id` (String) Root volume id of the virtual machine instance. Must be provided if root_volume_type is not set.
- `slug` (String) Slug of the Virtual Machine Instance
- `state` (String) Desired state of the virtual machine instance. Can be 'running', 'stopped', 'deleted'
- `status` (String) Status of the virtual machine instance


